Get a new video on this channel today with the subtitle
Video Series Tips and Tricks for Windows 7
The first topic is how to protect friends Reinbek passwords
can
Unfortunately, Windows 7 does not have this feature that's why we have to go with it
Programs help
the simplest method is the program WinRAR or Wind z
In addition I have a new folder on which this is good as one here
sees new folder
Just make a right click on it
Add Kandern to the archive this is rare with the program Profit
Just go on expanding it
to set a password
made this
Encrypt files hack them shared password
repeat the whole confirm that Turkey
confirm again with local
Bottom Rat Pack knees prevented this data in a folder
I can only open these nines now
with this passport for what she's just a gamer
but if you go there you have to enter the password here
Pauli confirm the password with «Oak Trail»
and how to approach 17 and Son Noah
that means we only arrive with a password and then online sir
the whole one is called wrap up and have our data back here
this difference now
the second program
Urine Menth Roeder
this software as well as the rough principle is free
the
left to games that we describe or tanks and have obtained
the program I head now
and as you can see, I have to enter a master password here
I give it now just turn
Not only can this program open with this master password and this one
master password also applies to each folder
this program
no ass go straight to this on a folder but
is hidden like that
and then I can only then again
or show
if i have this master password
show the whole time now you are this Bonn here new folder Georg
Hide Reuters
Pelham
nine weeks out
Order him with cup
As you can see, this place is now teaching Beat Sieber status
hidden
so that I can now make this visible again
I have to start this program I always play the shocker
where should the program resist I would like to have that role
Automatic patterns like entering the Thalys password
confirm with ok for her was hidden about it I want to have Peking again
on
goes jerk show
subfolders
is back
that means all or the Camino I hid here with these
master password what you did to make a game visible again
so my folders are
also with a password
The SWU comes for free and I can only recommend
whoever uses a simple traffic light when rougher when z usually he has everyone on
his calculator
and that's it for the first part, I thank you physically
look and goodbye